README.md, before:

# The A-Team

The A-Team is a band of mercenary superheros who have many years experience of saving individuals, cities and even the world. 
They now hire out their services to anyone who needs help.

The live deployed site can be accessed using the following link: [The A-Team](https://devtoguk.github.io/milestone-1-THE-A-TEAM/)

## Business goals

Their primary target audience are their potential customers who would want to hire them to help them solve a problem, these 
potential clients would need to see information to help them make an informed decision to hire the team. Teams info, previous 
mission news, etc
If time permits the A-Team would also like a small fan section to showcase what their loyal band of public followers & fans 
are up to.
 
## Customer Goals
- Searching for someone to help them with their problem.
- Easy to find the information they may require to make an informed decision.
- Simple to contact the A-Team.

## UX

### Ideal Business Client is:
- English speaking
- Has a problem to solve
- Lives anywhere in the world

### Ideal Fan is:
- English speaking
- Looking for facts about the team.
- Interested in showing off their fan photo or artwork. 

### How will this website help The A-Team
- They don’t currently have a website.
- Navigation is simple, thus helping any potential client find what information they require.
- The information is well presented, and targets the client towards contacting The A-Team via the contact form.
- Fans can interact with the team on a basic level.

## User Stories
### 1. Potential client:
1. I need to be able to easily navigate the site to find what I need.
2. I want to find out how the team could help me.
3. I would like to know what abilities the team have.
4. I want to see what other missions the team has done.
5. I would like to read what others have said about your services.
6. I wish to follow you on social media.
### 2. An interested client:
1. I am interested in finding out more about how you can help me, how do I contact you?
### 3. For a fan of the A-Team:
1. I need to be able to easily navigate the site to find what I need.
2. I would like to find out more info & news about the team.
3. I want to send a photo or artwork to you.
4. I wish to follow you on social media.


## Wireframe Designs

Click the link below to view a PDF file containing all the wireframe designs for Desktop, Tablet & Mobile.  

[Wireframe PDF](https://devtoguk.github.io/milestone-1-THE-A-TEAM/assets/images/pdf/wireframes.pdf)  

## Surface
The “petrol blue” and “dark maroon” colours were chosen from the Home page hero-image key characters and used 
throughout the site to create a consistent feel, but always having an eye on contrast so elements are easy to read.

Decided on the Googlefont “Play” as when made italic it blends very nicely to the logo. Also at the same time I 
found the use of italic and normal gives the impression of using two fonts without having to download a second.

## Technologies Used
- HTML and CSS programming languages.
- Bootstrap v4.4.1 - used to help with grid layout and responsive design.
- jQuery - responsive Bootstrap navbar, fill in form value on file selection.
- FontAwesome - for the site icons.
- GitPod - online IDE used to create this project.
- Google Fonts - for the website font 'Play'.
- Youtube - hosts the news video.

## Features
All the site pages have a responsive navigation bar with team logo on the top-left, this nav-bar is fixed at the top of the page.
At the bottom of all site pages is the footer which gives the main address information and the social media links.

[Home](https://devtoguk.github.io/milestone-1-THE-A-TEAM/index.html) 

The Home page has an hero-image to create impact when you first arrive on the site.
Within the hero image is a call to action statement to prompt a potential client to get in touch.
After the hero-image are two sections, the first to inform potential clients how The A-Team can help including a button to link to
the contact us page and the second to give some cliebt testimonials.

Responsive info here...

[The Team](https://devtoguk.github.io/milestone-1-THE-A-TEAM/the-team.html) 

The Team page gives a brief history of the team, and shows information about each team member.
On desktops this shows in three columns, tablets two columns and one column on mobiles.

[Our News](https://devtoguk.github.io/milestone-1-THE-A-TEAM/our-news.html) 

The News page shows recent team news stories with a photo or video.
On desktop & tablet these stories show either side of a news line, on mobiles they are just on one side of the news line.

[Fan Zone](https://devtoguk.github.io/milestone-1-THE-A-TEAM/fan-zone.html) 

The Fan Zone page simply shows photos and artwork which has been sent in by The A-Team fans.
On desktop and tablets these images display in four columns, on mobiles they display in two columns.

Below these images is a button which allows fans to send in their images to be displayed here after review.

[Contact Us](https://devtoguk.github.io/milestone-1-THE-A-TEAM/contact-us.html) 

The Contact Us page displays a contact form which requests the client to enter:
First name, Last name, Email address, Select team member(s) they think they need and also to enter a short reason why they need the team’s help.

At the bottom of the form is a ‘Get Help’ button to send the form.

## Future Features
- Add more detail to news stories, once clicked on they open up to show the bigger storyline and maybe extra images.
- Add more profile cards as new team members join The A-Team.
- Enhance the fan zone, maybe add in a merchandise section.

## Testing
For testing information please use the following link [TESTING.md](https://devtoguk.github.io/milestone-1-THE-A-TEAM/TESTING.md)

## Deployment
The live project was deployed using GitHub Pages, this was done using the procedure below:

- Login to GitHub.
- Navigated to the projects repository “milestone-1-THE-A-TEAM”
- Click Settings under the repository name.
- Scroll down to the “GitHub Pages” section.
- Under Source choose ‘master branch’.

The Source section will now read.
“ Your GitHub Pages site is currently being built from the master branch. ”

When the site is deployed and ready to access, it will then read.
“ Your site is published at https://devtoguk.github.io/milestone-1-THE-A-TEAM/ ”

The live site can now be accessed using the link below:  
https://devtoguk.github.io/milestone-1-THE-A-TEAM/

### Running this project locally
If you wish to work on / run this project locally then use the cloning procedure below:

- Login to GitHub.
- Navigated to the projects repository “milestone-1-THE-A-TEAM”
- Click Clone or Download under the repository name.
- To clone the repository using HTTPS, under “Clone with HTTPS”, click the [copy to clipboard] icon next to the URL field.
- Open Git Bash on your local IDE.
- Change the current working directory to the location where you want the cloned directory to be made.
- Type ‘git clone’ and then paste the URL from the step above.
```
    git clone https://github.com/username/repository
```
- Press Enter. Your clone will now be created.

For more information and troubleshooting on cloning a repository from GitHub click [here](https://help.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository).

## Credits

### Text content
Apart from character names all text content has been written by R.Thompson and proof read by E. Thompson 
All character names remain the property of their respective owners.

### Logo
The logo image was adapted from the Marvel Avengers logo using Adobe Photoshop.  
(this was only done as this is an educational project)

### Photos
All the photos have been downloaded from Google images.
These images remain the property of their respective copyright owners.
(if this was not an educational project, permission would have been sought before using any images)

Some images have been enhanced or combined to create the effect required.
- Flip-card team images: outer-glow added to the PNG file.
- Covid-19 news image made up from three separate images Earth, Hulk & virus images layered in Adobe Photoshop.

### Videos
The Iron Man news video is hosted on YouTube and remains the property of it’s respective copyright owner.
(if this was not an educational project, permission would have been sought before using any videos)

### Code
The CSS/HTML for the flip-cards on the Team page was adapted from a tutorial on W3-schools.  https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_flip_card.asp

The CSS/HTML for the timeline on the Our News page was adapted from a tutorial on W3-schools. https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_timeline.asp

Thanks to the Stackoverflow community (https://stackoverflow.com/) for helping solve some CSS problems. 
- Changing the appearance of an auto-filled field set by the browser.
- How to change the styling on the Bootstrap custom-checkboxes.

## Acknowledgments

Inspiration for this project came from:
Remembering the 80’s TV show **The A-Team**, about a band of mercenaries, whom, if you could find them, then you could 
hire them to solve your problem. Taking that core idea and merging it with some of the characters from Marvel's Avengers.

## Disclaimer
The content of this website is solely for educational purposes.



- [x] this is a complete item
- [ ] this is an incomplete item
- [x] @mentions, #refs, [links](),
**formatting**, and <del>tags</del>
supported
- [x] list syntax required (any
unordered or ordered list
supported)


**bold text**

*italic text*

> blockquote

`code`

```javascript
function test() {
 console.log("look ma’, no spaces");
}
```

Here's a sentence with a footnote. [^1]

[^1]: This is the footnote.

- [x] Write the press release
- [ ] Update the website
- [ ] Contact the media

term
: definition

| Syntax | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| Header | Title |
| Paragraph | Text |

1. First item
2. Second item
3. Third item

- First item
- Second item
- Third item
--------

Commit message:

Added ctrl-click message to wireframe link

README.md, after:

# The A-Team

The A-Team is a band of mercenary superheros who have many years experience of saving individuals, cities and even the world. 
They now hire out their services to anyone who needs help.

The live deployed site can be accessed using the following link: [The A-Team](https://devtoguk.github.io/milestone-1-THE-A-TEAM/)

## Business goals

Their primary target audience are their potential customers who would want to hire them to help them solve a problem, these 
potential clients would need to see information to help them make an informed decision to hire the team. Teams info, previous 
mission news, etc
If time permits the A-Team would also like a small fan section to showcase what their loyal band of public followers & fans 
are up to.
 
## Customer Goals
- Searching for someone to help them with their problem.
- Easy to find the information they may require to make an informed decision.
- Simple to contact the A-Team.

## UX

### Ideal Business Client is:
- English speaking
- Has a problem to solve
- Lives anywhere in the world

### Ideal Fan is:
- English speaking
- Looking for facts about the team.
- Interested in showing off their fan photo or artwork. 

### How will this website help The A-Team
- They don’t currently have a website.
- Navigation is simple, thus helping any potential client find what information they require.
- The information is well presented, and targets the client towards contacting The A-Team via the contact form.
- Fans can interact with the team on a basic level.

## User Stories
### 1. Potential client:
1. I need to be able to easily navigate the site to find what I need.
2. I want to find out how the team could help me.
3. I would like to know what abilities the team have.
4. I want to see what other missions the team has done.
5. I would like to read what others have said about your services.
6. I wish to follow you on social media.
### 2. An interested client:
1. I am interested in finding out more about how you can help me, how do I contact you?
### 3. For a fan of the A-Team:
1. I need to be able to easily navigate the site to find what I need.
2. I would like to find out more info & news about the team.
3. I want to send a photo or artwork to you.
4. I wish to follow you on social media.


## Wireframe Designs

Click the link below to view a PDF file containing all the wireframe designs for Desktop, Tablet & Mobile.  

[Wireframe PDF](https://devtoguk.github.io/milestone-1-THE-A-TEAM/assets/images/pdf/wireframes.pdf)  (ctrl-click to open in a new tab)   

## Surface
The “petrol blue” and “dark maroon” colours were chosen from the Home page hero-image key characters and used 
throughout the site to create a consistent feel, but always having an eye on contrast so elements are easy to read.

Decided on the Googlefont “Play” as when made italic it blends very nicely to the logo. Also at the same time I 
found the use of italic and normal gives the impression of using two fonts without having to download a second.

## Technologies Used
- HTML and CSS programming languages.
- Bootstrap v4.4.1 - used to help with grid layout and responsive design.
- jQuery - responsive Bootstrap navbar, fill in form value on file selection.
- FontAwesome - for the site icons.
- GitPod - online IDE used to create this project.
- Google Fonts - for the website font 'Play'.
- Youtube - hosts the news video.

## Features
All the site pages have a responsive navigation bar with team logo on the top-left, this nav-bar is fixed at the top of the page.
At the bottom of all site pages is the footer which gives the main address information and the social media links.

[Home](https://devtoguk.github.io/milestone-1-THE-A-TEAM/index.html) 

The Home page has an hero-image to create impact when you first arrive on the site.
Within the hero image is a call to action statement to prompt a potential client to get in touch.
After the hero-image are two sections, the first to inform potential clients how The A-Team can help including a button to link to
the contact us page and the second to give some cliebt testimonials.

Responsive info here...

[The Team](https://devtoguk.github.io/milestone-1-THE-A-TEAM/the-team.html) 

The Team page gives a brief history of the team, and shows information about each team member.
On desktops this shows in three columns, tablets two columns and one column on mobiles.

[Our News](https://devtoguk.github.io/milestone-1-THE-A-TEAM/our-news.html) 

The News page shows recent team news stories with a photo or video.
On desktop & tablet these stories show either side of a news line, on mobiles they are just on one side of the news line.

[Fan Zone](https://devtoguk.github.io/milestone-1-THE-A-TEAM/fan-zone.html) 

The Fan Zone page simply shows photos and artwork which has been sent in by The A-Team fans.
On desktop and tablets these images display in four columns, on mobiles they display in two columns.

Below these images is a button which allows fans to send in their images to be displayed here after review.

[Contact Us](https://devtoguk.github.io/milestone-1-THE-A-TEAM/contact-us.html) 

The Contact Us page displays a contact form which requests the client to enter:
First name, Last name, Email address, Select team member(s) they think they need and also to enter a short reason why they need the team’s help.

At the bottom of the form is a ‘Get Help’ button to send the form.

## Future Features
- Add more detail to news stories, once clicked on they open up to show the bigger storyline and maybe extra images.
- Add more profile cards as new team members join The A-Team.
- Enhance the fan zone, maybe add in a merchandise section.

## Testing
For testing information please use the following link [TESTING.md](https://devtoguk.github.io/milestone-1-THE-A-TEAM/TESTING.md)

## Deployment
The live project was deployed using GitHub Pages, this was done using the procedure below:

- Login to GitHub.
- Navigated to the projects repository “milestone-1-THE-A-TEAM”
- Click Settings under the repository name.
- Scroll down to the “GitHub Pages” section.
- Under Source choose ‘master branch’.

The Source section will now read.
“ Your GitHub Pages site is currently being built from the master branch. ”

When the site is deployed and ready to access, it will then read.
“ Your site is published at https://devtoguk.github.io/milestone-1-THE-A-TEAM/ ”

The live site can now be accessed using the link below:  
https://devtoguk.github.io/milestone-1-THE-A-TEAM/

### Running this project locally
If you wish to work on / run this project locally then use the cloning procedure below:

- Login to GitHub.
- Navigated to the projects repository “milestone-1-THE-A-TEAM”
- Click Clone or Download under the repository name.
- To clone the repository using HTTPS, under “Clone with HTTPS”, click the [copy to clipboard] icon next to the URL field.
- Open Git Bash on your local IDE.
- Change the current working directory to the location where you want the cloned directory to be made.
- Type ‘git clone’ and then paste the URL from the step above.
```
    git clone https://github.com/username/repository
```
- Press Enter. Your clone will now be created.

For more information and troubleshooting on cloning a repository from GitHub click [here](https://help.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository).

## Credits

### Text content
Apart from character names all text content has been written by R.Thompson and proof read by E. Thompson 
All character names remain the property of their respective owners.

### Logo
The logo image was adapted from the Marvel Avengers logo using Adobe Photoshop.  
(this was only done as this is an educational project)

### Photos
All the photos have been downloaded from Google images.
These images remain the property of their respective copyright owners.
(if this was not an educational project, permission would have been sought before using any images)

Some images have been enhanced or combined to create the effect required.
- Flip-card team images: outer-glow added to the PNG file.
- Covid-19 news image made up from three separate images Earth, Hulk & virus images layered in Adobe Photoshop.

### Videos
The Iron Man news video is hosted on YouTube and remains the property of it’s respective copyright owner.
(if this was not an educational project, permission would have been sought before using any videos)

### Code
The CSS/HTML for the flip-cards on the Team page was adapted from a tutorial on W3-schools.  https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_flip_card.asp

The CSS/HTML for the timeline on the Our News page was adapted from a tutorial on W3-schools. https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_timeline.asp

Thanks to the Stackoverflow community (https://stackoverflow.com/) for helping solve some CSS problems. 
- Changing the appearance of an auto-filled field set by the browser.
- How to change the styling on the Bootstrap custom-checkboxes.

## Acknowledgments

Inspiration for this project came from:
Remembering the 80’s TV show **The A-Team**, about a band of mercenaries, whom, if you could find them, then you could 
hire them to solve your problem. Taking that core idea and merging it with some of the characters from Marvel's Avengers.

## Disclaimer
The content of this website is solely for educational purposes.



- [x] this is a complete item
- [ ] this is an incomplete item
- [x] @mentions, #refs, [links](),
**formatting**, and <del>tags</del>
supported
- [x] list syntax required (any
unordered or ordered list
supported)


**bold text**

*italic text*

> blockquote

`code`

```javascript
function test() {
 console.log("look ma’, no spaces");
}
```

Here's a sentence with a footnote. [^1]

[^1]: This is the footnote.

- [x] Write the press release
- [ ] Update the website
- [ ] Contact the media

term
: definition

| Syntax | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| Header | Title |
| Paragraph | Text |

1. First item
2. Second item
3. Third item

- First item
- Second item
- Third item
--------
