TESTING.md, before:

# The A-Team - Testing Information

[Website deployed on GitHub Pages](https://devtoguk.github.io/milestone-1-THE-A-TEAM/index.html)  

[Back to main README.md file](/README.md)

## Testing
- [W3C - Markup Validation Service](https://validator.w3.org/) - used to check the markup validity of the HTML documents.
- [W3C - CSS Validation Service](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/) - used to check the validity of the Cascading Style Sheets (CSS).
- [Chrome Developer Tools](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/chrome-devtools) - used to help check the responsiveness of the site and also use of Audits to test for performance, accessibility, best practices & SEO

## User stories testing (UX section of README.md)

### 1. Potential client:
1. I need to be able to easily navigate the site to find what I need.
    1. Whatever page a potential client lands on they are easily able to find and use the site navigation menu.
    2. The A-Team logo on all pages also leads the client back to the Home page.
2. I want to find out how the team could help me.
    1. After the call to action message on the Home page the arrows encourage the user to scroll down where they can find key information about how the A-Team can help.
    2. By choosing 'The Team' option on the navigation bar a client can see the abbilities of each member of the team.
    3. By choosing 'Our News' option on the navigation bar a client can see news information about some previous A-Team missions.
3. I would like to know what abilities the team have.
    1. By choosing 'The Team' option on the navigation bar a client can see the key abbilities of each member of the team.
4. I want to see what other missions the team has done.
    1. By choosing 'Our News' option on the navigation bar a client can get an idea of what other missions have been completed recently.
5. I would like to read what others have said about your services.
    1. The Testimonials part of the Home page gives a potential client some statements from sattisfied customers.
6. I wish to follow you on social media.
    1. The footer links at the bottom of every page allow a client to go to the A-Team's social media pages and follow them.

### 2. An interested client:
1. I am interested in finding out more about how you can help me, how do I contact you?
    1. From any page the client can choose the 'Contact Us' option on the navigation bar.
    2. On the Home page the client can also click the 'Get in Touch' button.

### 3. For a fan of the A-Team:
1. I need to be able to easily navigate the site to find what I need. 

    1. Whatever page a fan lands on they are easily able to find and use the site navigation menu.
    2. The A-Team logo on all pages also leads the fan back to the Home page. 

2. I would like to find out more info & news about the team. 

    1. By choosing 'Our News' option on the navigation bar a fan can see news information about the team and missions. 

3. I would like to see what other A-Team fans have been up to. 

    1. By choosing 'Fan Zone' option on the navigation bar a fan can see all the photos and artwork that other fans have sent in. 

4. I want to send a photo or artwork to you. 

    1. By choosing 'Fan Zone' option on the navigation bar and clicking the 'Upload Fan Image' button a fan can send in their own 
    photo/artwork. 

5. I wish to follow you on social media. 

    1. The footer links at the bottom of every page allow a fan to go to the A-Team's social media pages and follow them.

## Testing elements and functionality of all site pages (manual tested)

### Home page 

1. Navigation bar 

    1. Ensure that alt/title text appears when hovering over the image.
    2. When the logo is clicked confirm that it links to the Home page.
    3. Alter the screen size to ensure that the navigation bar is responsive and displays the burger-icon dropdown menu at the 
    correct time, also check for any navbar overflow due to the responsive changes.
    4. Ensure that the hover transistion effects work for each navbar item.
    5. Confirm that each navbar item when clicked links to the correct page and the background-color changes to indicate the 
    current page. 

2. Hero-image 

    1. Make sure the hero-image is responsive as the browser width is changed.
    (when testing on an actual Apple device the hero-image did not size correctly, so it was put in a new DIV)
    2. Ensure the hero-image remains fixed while the content below scrolls over the top.
    (when testing on an actual Apple device the hero-image moved, solution as above 3.1) 

3. We Can Help section 

    1. Change the browser width to ensure that the 3 icons and paragraphs arrange responsive.
    2. Ensure the 'Get in Touch' button hover effect works. 
    3. Check that the 'Get in Touch' button links through to the 'Contact Us' page. 

4. Testimonials 

    1. Change the browser width to ensure that the 2 testimonials photos and statements are responsive. 

5. Footer 

    1. Ensure that the hover transistion effects work for each social link.
    2. Confirm that when clicked each social link opens a new browser window/tab. 

6. Check all the above steps on phone and tablet. 

### The Team page 

1. Navigation bar 
    1. Repeat the steps from the Home page Navigation bar section above. 
2.

Commit message:

Started the Team section of testing

TESTING.md, after:

# The A-Team - Testing Information

[Website deployed on GitHub Pages](https://devtoguk.github.io/milestone-1-THE-A-TEAM/index.html)  

[Back to main README.md file](/README.md)

## Testing
- [W3C - Markup Validation Service](https://validator.w3.org/) - used to check the markup validity of the HTML documents.
- [W3C - CSS Validation Service](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/) - used to check the validity of the Cascading Style Sheets (CSS).
- [Chrome Developer Tools](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/chrome-devtools) - used to help check the responsiveness of the site and also use of Audits to test for performance, accessibility, best practices & SEO

## User stories testing (UX section of README.md)

### 1. Potential client:
1. I need to be able to easily navigate the site to find what I need.
    1. Whatever page a potential client lands on they are easily able to find and use the site navigation menu.
    2. The A-Team logo on all pages also leads the client back to the Home page.
2. I want to find out how the team could help me.
    1. After the call to action message on the Home page the arrows encourage the user to scroll down where they can find key information about how the A-Team can help.
    2. By choosing 'The Team' option on the navigation bar a client can see the abbilities of each member of the team.
    3. By choosing 'Our News' option on the navigation bar a client can see news information about some previous A-Team missions.
3. I would like to know what abilities the team have.
    1. By choosing 'The Team' option on the navigation bar a client can see the key abbilities of each member of the team.
4. I want to see what other missions the team has done.
    1. By choosing 'Our News' option on the navigation bar a client can get an idea of what other missions have been completed recently.
5. I would like to read what others have said about your services.
    1. The Testimonials part of the Home page gives a potential client some statements from sattisfied customers.
6. I wish to follow you on social media.
    1. The footer links at the bottom of every page allow a client to go to the A-Team's social media pages and follow them.

### 2. An interested client:
1. I am interested in finding out more about how you can help me, how do I contact you?
    1. From any page the client can choose the 'Contact Us' option on the navigation bar.
    2. On the Home page the client can also click the 'Get in Touch' button.

### 3. For a fan of the A-Team:
1. I need to be able to easily navigate the site to find what I need. 

    1. Whatever page a fan lands on they are easily able to find and use the site navigation menu.
    2. The A-Team logo on all pages also leads the fan back to the Home page. 

2. I would like to find out more info & news about the team. 

    1. By choosing 'Our News' option on the navigation bar a fan can see news information about the team and missions. 

3. I would like to see what other A-Team fans have been up to. 

    1. By choosing 'Fan Zone' option on the navigation bar a fan can see all the photos and artwork that other fans have sent in. 

4. I want to send a photo or artwork to you. 

    1. By choosing 'Fan Zone' option on the navigation bar and clicking the 'Upload Fan Image' button a fan can send in their own 
    photo/artwork. 

5. I wish to follow you on social media. 

    1. The footer links at the bottom of every page allow a fan to go to the A-Team's social media pages and follow them.

## Testing elements and functionality of all site pages (manual tested)

### General

- Check that all titles are consistent in size.
- Make sure that the colors of text have good contrast with their backgrounds.

### Home page 

1. Navigation bar 

    1. Ensure that alt/title text appears when hovering over the image.
    2. When the logo is clicked confirm that it links to the Home page.
    3. Alter the screen size to ensure that the navigation bar is responsive and displays the burger-icon dropdown menu at the 
    correct time, also check for any navbar overflow due to the responsive changes.
    4. Ensure that the hover transistion effects work for each navbar item.
    5. Confirm that each navbar item when clicked links to the correct page and the background-color changes to indicate the 
    current page. 

2. Hero-image 

    1. Make sure the hero-image is responsive as the browser width is changed.
    (when testing on an actual Apple device the hero-image did not size correctly, so it was put in a new DIV)
    2. Ensure the hero-image remains fixed while the content below scrolls over the top.
    (when testing on an actual Apple device the hero-image moved, solution as above 3.1) 

3. We Can Help section 

    1. Change the browser width to ensure that the 3 icons and paragraphs arrange responsive.
    2. Ensure the 'Get in Touch' button hover effect works. 
    3. Check that the 'Get in Touch' button links through to the 'Contact Us' page. 

4. Testimonials 

    1. Change the browser width to ensure that the 2 testimonials photos and statements are responsive. 
    2. Make sure the quote-marks are in the correct place.

5. Footer 

    1. Ensure that the hover transistion effects work for each social link.
    2. Confirm that when clicked each social link opens a new browser window/tab. 

6. Check all the above steps on phone and tablet. 

### The Team page 

1. Navigation bar 

    1. Already tested in the Home page section above. (as the code is the same). 

2. Team Profile Cards 
    1. Make sure that when clicked the card transistion effect is working to see the stats and go back to the member image.
    2. Change the browser width to ensure that the 6 cards are arranged responsively depending on the screen size.
    3. Ensure that the stat information displays correctly.
    4. Check that on smaller screens the 'CLICK TO VIEW' text appears in the top-right of each card.

5. Footer 
    1. Already tested in the Home page section above. (as the code is the same).
